[Music]
very good how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart before
starting with this video I wanted to
quickly thank you because I
really don't understand how
this channel is growing we are more than 200
new people every day I appreciate it
and I am very excited about this channel I
am really trying to put all the
meat on the grill so that there is no lack of
content and in fact sometimes
there are days when I don't have enough hours
to be able to give you all I have and
the work piles up let's comment
a little on the ridiculous thing that José María Franco made last night
the truth is if I had
known that this is like this I would have stayed with
you live for more hours and we reacted to it
because it was
really regrettable that I don't like to
react live to these
programs because of Maybe four
hours of interest to us Maybe these
extracts two minutes here two minutes
here and another two minutes here or six
minutes interest me from
last night's four hour program that's why yesterday they
are soles ónegas triumphed and knocked down the
audience of sálvame I'll tell you about it in
another video family  in front of Rocio
Carrasco this man said without hesitation without hesitation without
hesitation he said the
following: dude one time he leaves me the kids
and rice he leaves me both because
normally he took rice and he
left the boy to me because the girl
was pretty and everything Normally he
took rice and he left the boy to
me because the girl was pretty the
boy was handsome but for him he didn't
know how to fix it and the mother doesn't even
flinch they call the boy ugly the mother doesn't even
flinch listen to me, what a
tremendous vocabulary this man has but such a
tremendous vocabulary I mean on a couple of
occasions they have to cut him off because he
says phrases like the [ __ ] this
[ __ ] I don't know what things that on
TV don't fit what's going on well
all of a sudden this man has just had an
enlightenment from God he just had it he must
have introduced her
to the Virgin and he suddenly remembered
after more than 20 years of
putting Rocio
Carrasco down he suddenly remembered
episodes of abuse in which Elsa has
had to put for  half to separate
because Antonio David grabbed
Rocío Carrasco by the neck and mistreated her No, I
find Rocío Carrasco's faces very funny
while he's telling her
because she really has never heard
this story in her life Look,
Rocío Carrasco, eh, he treated
Rocío Carrasco well no no because I had to hold him
down once he remembers that
day he has never told this because of the number of
times he has sat on television
for more than 25 years he has never
told it and here he is telling her Look do you
remember This time and Carrasco Look at that
face she had that I was that we took to
Telecinco with the Campos do you remember that
you You tell me what you want I'm going to tell you
that yes he basically starts telling well
This is an episode in which they
tell in which they both insult each other I'm
going to kick you in the [ __ ] you're
going to kick me in the [ __ ] I don't know
where Anyway the vocabulary that
Antonio David Rocío Carrasco had at the
time could be more or less similar no
but here he tells you a  episode in
which he has to get in separately
because
because he still has the neck claw
holding Rocío Carrasco's neck according to
this man no, I don't find it very funny
that none of this is in any lawsuit
for gender violence in any
civil lawsuit
This is a story that they are
absolutely making up they are
making it up Who knows what kind of
chope sandwich they must have given this man
so that they suddenly bought his
opinion
or rather how can you go from
saying one thing to another for 25 years pay attention to
this click that Hero catches me which is
devastating in case there is still someone who is
innocent enough
not to think badly of this Listen
José María do you regret all the
harm you have done what you have done now
yes yes you regret it I do when I found out Yes when you found out
yes Of what But
how That when you found out when you
found out if you are telling later on
the set that you have witnessed
physical abuse in front of you Like when I
found out yes Jesús José María or whatever I
call you José María Franco no like when
you found out Yes when you
found out By  what on TV but if you
witnessed it
when the subject of mistreatment
in Chipiona and Argentona came out I realized
that Well I already previously as
Jero says here what he is
saying is a lie, last year
after almost all the episodes of the
documentary he went to Sálvame one afternoon to
collect his chope sandwich, and they also
humiliated him since his opinion was against
Rocío Carrasco, well they humiliated him they
put him there in a chroma that in the end of
everything I mean, I don't go to TV
to be put here like that with a
sewer, a rat, anyway they went on
TV to be humiliated they went on
TV to be humiliated okay And here he
was saying that he didn't believe anything that
Rocío Carrasco was saying in
the docuseries that he was watching the
episodes and it was after what he is
mentioning here okay I mean when I
found out I regretted it Lie lie you
went to Sálvame to say that everything was a
lie you went to Sálvame to have it
notarized that this Makes me  It's very funny
about the sworn statements that
Rocío Carrasco presents, the
sworn statements, okay, you go to a
notary to request a sworn statement
with someone who you want to make a
statement and the sworn statements are
useless as they want to make them serve.
Rocío Carrasco, okay, an affidavit is
useful for other things, for
example, imagine that I have Enrique
that I want to make a testimony for
a trial that I have, but Enrique, well, he ca
n't see, he won't be able to, he won't be able to
come to the hearing because Enrique is going to
live in Mexico. Okay, so Enrique
comes with me to the notary, makes his
statement, the notary signs it and the
notary pretends that in front of him,
this is the statement of this person,
okay, but what Rocío Carrasco does is
use this in another way as if it
were irrefutable evidence because it
looks so nice because it is a document
signed by a notary with a set and such, well, it
seems very serious and people who do
not understand laws, well, they tell you, Oh,
this is irrefutable evidence, what
this paper says has to be true
because a notary affirms it, no, he is not an
expert, that this one is not  is an expert nor is it a
judge who is verifying if the
real content or is perfectly what is
put in an affidavit that
is sealed by a notary does not have to
be true, it does not have to be
true, it is like what happened with the fence, what happened with the
fence, Rocio Carrasco takes someone who
puts up a fence from Chipiona, she takes him to the
notary to affirm that the
fence was changed that year, let's see, but oh well,
where is the proof, an invoice, a
bank transaction, where is the
proof that this, this fence was changed and there was
no other one before, okay, in other words, it's no good,
okay, it doesn't have to be a
lie, I'm not saying that they
are always false, but it doesn't work the way I
want to use them, Rocio Carrasco,
sworn statements do not work,
sworn statements are
declarations that work in another way,
okay, it's like you in front of a
notary, you affirm this or the person
that you bring to sign. This is worth it, for
example, eh, Rocio, Rocio Carrasco takes
Irma and also makes a
sworn statement supposedly because we will
deal with this later in another video because
Irma denies it in which she says this this this
this Irma could be lying
perfectly in that sworn statement it
is not irrefutable proof that
sworn statement the only thing it
means is that at that moment in front of the
notary well Irma affirms she would affirm that
okay But that is not
irrefutable proof it is not an invoice it is not a
video it is not a recording anyway family
that this man has no credibility
that this man now what will have
happened to him is that they will have offered him something something
very big there are people who are already
speculating on social networks
even talking about 200,000 euros I don't believe
that it is something like that this man this man
sells himself for much less and well
the way the
television factory is having is ridiculous that by force you have to
swallow the testimony When they are
even condemned for this type
of statements but by force they
want to maintain that testimony and they are already
that they do not know who next week they will
look for the street sweeper of the
moraleja family A huge kiss
see you in the next video bye bye
[Music]